you
alright guys so finally a mid tech
update finally got the prototypes in and
here they are we had some delays at the
machine shop that was doing them they
just hired like 10 or 15 new employees
and they got a whole bunch of new
equipment in so it was causing some
delays from what I've been told the
production run will still be on time
we're looking at into februari so still
right on time with what I told you guys
originally so that's good we'll see
exactly how that works so you may have
to give us a couple of weeks in between
either way just to uh yeah to get all
the production ones out cuz we're doing
a run a 400 so i am going to be sent an
email out you'll probably have it in
your inbox by the time this video loads
or within a couple hours don't email me
I'll email you it is time to pay up for
your deposits it's $55 again so remember
that if you're on the first run you have
been contacted and I will email you
again this video is just pretty much
just to show you the knives and discuss
a couple little changes from what we see
on the prototypes here to what we're
going to have the we didn't prototype
apocalypse because they're pretty simple
so i just threw one of my custom ones on
here so you can see you'll see the clip
here this will be the clip that comes on
a knife itself from my CAD files we move
this Psalm 23 to the pivot this is way
bigger than it's going to be this was an
accident day it's going to be 65
thousands tall it's actually going to be
abbreviated and we changed it it's not
the psalm 23 it was and I don't know
that was in your first email I think
it's Corinthians so we changed that for
the mid text I had a couple of comments
on Instagram about the pivot this is the
pivot that is going to be in here I know
a couple guys were saying it was kind of
ugly well I will give you the rundown on
why it is the way it is this pivot is
custom-made for this knife it's not just
something off the shelf it's made on a
seven access Swiss turning machine so
it's precise it's going to be a prayer
fit in the lock side frame slipped it on
the outside this slot isn't just for a
screwdriver for a dime you can adjust
this with a dime so I did that for
usability this is an end user argues
knife it's made for field work for good
strong use it's not just something
pretty to sit on shelf so i made it as
user friendly as possible so i like to
have things easily adjustable in the
field if at all possible so you get a
dime in your pocket you can adjust the
pivot and tighten it down if it loosens
up for some reason so they're staying if
you don't like it I'm sure you can find
somebody that makes a pivot that will
fit this is the standard it's the same
size as the AKS pivot so potentially I
may offer to sell aks pivots my custom
jewel pivots with these I'm not certain
yet so don't ask I'll just let you all
know standoffs they turn out awesome see
if I can focus they will have hrd
standard so that's going to be awesome
this is the finish it's a going to be
just a hard stone wash the blade the
grind lines are not going to be there I
just he sent me the prototype so I could
grind it the way i like it so that he
can model the grinds this way the blade
will be San Blas Stone wash the whole
blade so keep that in mind they're not
going to be satin there are no options
with this knife so take that is it me
it's not a custom it's a custom it tech
I guess but clean lines all the way
throughout we make this a user this
isn't the lock relief is not going to be
this rounded this was just an issue we
had with the prototype that's going to
be fixed it's not really even so much an
issue is it's just too rounded for my
taste this one the lockups fairly late
and a lot of that was my fault walk up
on this one is darn near perfect needs
to drop in just a little further lockup
will be about 60,000 so about thirty
percent that's what I told the machine
shop that
internet and that's what they will be at
stainless hardware all that fun stuff
harden pivots it's got a bearing system
same bearing system that i use the AKS
bearings this is the number one
prototype as you can see one of two and
this one is actually going to go up for
auction on the u.s. in on my sub forum
so stay tuned for that that's number one
that one's going i consider deep in it
but i just couldn't bring myself to it
number two actually goes back to the
machine shop so they can take
measurements of all the little
adjustments that I made and then they'll
send it back to me so I may just keep
this one let's see so specs again 316
stop pin quarter in chardon pivot
standoff stainless standoffs stainless
screws blade is 316 tie is three
sixteenths bearing system hrd standard
Fuller's sandblast stone wash blade and
frame and specifically made pocket clip
and buttery smooth so there she is guys
hope you all enjoy it if you went in on
the second run they are going to be dlc
PVD coated black and coyote brown super
cool coating second run is still open
for the meantime it's filling up fast so
if you want in email me soon because i
think i'm going to close it down here
shortly we've already gotten we're
almost maxed out now i'm not certain if
we're going to do a third run this year
we may if there's a big enough calling
for it just depends we got a lot going
on just a little teaser we got a 15
midtech coming down the pipe here so
stay tuned for that um yeah that's it so
look for the email in your inbox you'll
probably have it today or early tomorrow
and that's it well thanks for all your
support guys we appreciate it this has
been a really cool project we've been
enjoying ourselves God's been blessing
us left and right with all
this so we're really trying to stay on
top of that and doing proud all right
guys god bless